dep: replace page (#4476)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dep.md

# dep

> A CLI tool for deployment of PHP applications.

> > The goland command `dep` with the same name is deprecated and archived.

Reviewer: I'd suggest adding some prefix to this sentence since it's not related to the actual tool being documented. Also, IIUC there's a typo here, in "goland" (cc @navarroaxel):

```suggestion
> Note: The golang command `dep` with the same name is deprecated and archived.
```

Reviewer 2: It should be called "The Go command" if we want to be technically correct :)
